.TH LINUXSYNC 1
.SH NAME
linuxsync \- send android notifications to linux
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B linuxsync
.SH DESCRIPTION
sync android notifications to linux
.SH CONFIGURATION
The config file is located at \fB$HOME/.config/linuxsync/config.json\fR.
.PP
This folder also contains the public and private keys for RSA encryption. Should you need or want to regenerate your keys, simply delete the files and rerun \fIlinuxsync\fR.
.PP
Devices to connect to must be inside of the \fIdevices\fR block. There can be multiple items in the block. Note that only one device can be connected to at a time. A device block must have three fields:
.PP
\fIip\fR: The IP address and port of the device you want to connect to.
.PP
\fIname\fR: The name the device will be referred to.
.PP
\fImac\fR: Currently unused.
.PP
\fBExample\fR:
.nf
    {
        "ip":"192.168.5.15:5000",
        "name":"My Phone",
        "mac":"unused"
    }
.fi
.PP
If your configuration is incorrect, the program will not run.
.SH FILES
.nf
\fB$HOME/.config/linuxsync/config.json\fR - Main configuration
\fB$HOME/.config/linuxsync/key.pub\fR - RSA Public Key (PEM format)
\fB$HOME/.config/linuxsync/key\fR - RSA Private Key (DER format)
.fi
.SH TODO
.nf
There's still lots to do. Of note:
- Automatic device scanning with MAC address
- Ability to disable Protobuf format per-device
- Ability to disable RSA encryption per-device
(and other things)
.fi
.SH BUGS
Please report all bugs related to the client to brod8362@gmail.com or on the github issue tracker: https://github.com/brod8362/linuxsync-client
.PP
Bugs related to the android app should be filed here: https://github.com/brod8362/linuxsync-app

